Doc 220 creating nodes (#867)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/creating-nodes/test/troubleshooting-node-development.md

# Troubleshooting

## Credentials

<!-- vale off -->
### Error message: 'Credentials of type "*" are not known'
<!-- vale on -->

Check that the name in the credentials array matches the name used in the property name of the credentials' class.

![Troubleshooting credentials](/_images/integrations/creating-nodes/troubleshooting-credentials-1.png)

<!-- vale off -->
## Editor UI
<!-- vale on -->

<!-- vale off -->
### Error message: 'There was a problem loading init data: API-Server can not be reached. It is probably down'
<!-- vale on -->

> - Check that the node's file name, class's name, and node's folder name matches the path added to `packages/nodes-base/package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check that the names of the node file, node folder, and class match the path added to `packages/nodes-base/package.json`.
```

> - Check the names used in the `displayOptions` property are names used by UI elements in the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check that the names used in the `displayOptions` property are names used by UI elements in the node.
```
